Feat: Support attribute filtering #8703 (#10670)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/http_api_reference.md

### List documents

**GET** `/api/v1/datasets/{dataset_id}/documents?page={page}&page_size={page_size}&orderby={orderby}&desc={desc}&keywords={keywords}&id={document_id}&name={document_name}&create_time_from={timestamp}&create_time_to={timestamp}&suffix={file_suffix}&run={run_status}`

Lists documents in a specified dataset.

#### Request

- Method: GET
- URL: `/api/v1/datasets/{dataset_id}/documents?page={page}&page_size={page_size}&orderby={orderby}&desc={desc}&keywords={keywords}&id={document_id}&name={document_name}&create_time_from={timestamp}&create_time_to={timestamp}&suffix={file_suffix}&run={run_status}`
- Headers:
  - `'content-Type: application/json'`
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`

##### Request examples

**Basic request with pagination:**
```bash
curl --request GET \
     --url http://{address}/api/v1/datasets/{dataset_id}/documents?page=1&page_size=10 \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'
```

> **Multi-parameter combination:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A complex request with multiple parameters:**
```

  Unix timestamp for filtering documents created after this time. 0 means no filter. Defaults to `0`.
- `create_time_to`: (*Filter parameter*), `integer`
  Unix timestamp for filtering documents created before this time. 0 means no filter. Defaults to `0`.
- `suffix`: (*Filter parameter*), `array[string]`

>   Filter by file suffixes. Multiple values supported. Examples: `["pdf", "txt", "docx"]`. Defaults to all types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Filter by file suffix. Supports multiple values, e.g., `pdf`, `txt`, and `docx`. Defaults to all suffixes.
```

- `run`: (*Filter parameter*), `array[string]`
  Filter by document processing status. Supports both numeric and text formats:

>   - Numeric format: `["0", "1", "2", "3", "4"]`

Reviewer: - Numeric format: `[0, 1, 2, 3, 4]`

I think “” should be removed. Same for the rest.

  - Text format: `["UNSTART", "RUNNING", "CANCEL", "DONE", "FAIL"]`

>   - Mixed format: `["UNSTART", "1", "DONE"]` (can combine both formats)

Reviewer: Change "Supports both numeric and text formats:" to "Supports numeric, text, and mixed formats:"
